10878 xpanse cortex xdr (#34933)
demisto/content: Packs/ctf01/ReleaseNotes/1_0_17.md

> #### Integrations
> 
> ##### Cortex XDR - IR CTF
> 
> - Fixed an issue in CoreIRApiModule by adding a flag to the authorization process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<~XPANSE>
#### Integrations

##### Cortex XDR - IR CTF

- Fixed an issue where the integration commands failed due to a change in the API request process.
</~XPANSE>
```
